README.md, before:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# My Portfolio 

> My Portfolio is web showcase of the work i done and the products i have built.

## Built With

- Html
- CSS
- Github Workflow

## Live Demo (if available)

[Live Demo Link](https://livedemo.com)


## Getting Started

**This is an example of how you may give instructions on setting up your project locally.**
**Modify this file to match your project, remove sections that don't apply. For example: delete the testing section if the currect project doesn't require testing.**


To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Clone repo

### Open index.html on the browser


## Authors

👤 **Author1**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/iammanny)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/mannyphilip)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/emmanuel-a-philip-ikpe-a0b9823a)



## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/iammanny/My-Portfolio/issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.

Commit message:

Update on README File/ Logo modified

README.md, after:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# My Portfolio 

> My Portfolio is web showcase of the work i have done and the products i have built.

- Created mobile view of the header and the headline section for a portfolio website
- Added a portfolio section to view projects and an about-me page
- Added a background feel to make the site look good.


## Built With

- Html
- CSS
- Github Workflow

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

Figma
HTML
CSS

### Setup

- Web browser
- git
- github
- VsCode
- Figma(Optional)

### Install

Get Figma design [here](https://www.figma.com/file/l7SqJ3ZfkAKih9sFxvWSR4/Microverse-Student-Project-1?node-id=0%3A1)

Install chrome web browser [here](https://www.google.com/chrome/?brand=CHBD&gclid=Cj0KCQiAxoiQBhCRARIsAPsvo-x1uykgg9kaxqBkRBz4WkrBWMJeGxeQBJrMtA8t3lU22e1y883KQy8aAtMNEALw_wcB&gclsrc=aw.ds)

### Usage

- visit the github repository and clone [here](git@github.com:iammanny/My-Portfolio.git)

- start editing using your local developmen environment.

## Authors

👤 **Author1**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/iammanny)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/mannyphilip)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/emmanuel-a-philip-ikpe-a0b9823a)


## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/iammanny/My-Portfolio/issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.
